all right thank you very much Tammi
Chicago police are investigating
overnight shooting
and a Southside nightclub seven people
were shot when it happened it broke out
in the middle of the night 87th and
Ashland is where it happened it was a
rap video release party
Anita Padilla standing by live now with
more on the story
good morning and eat up hi good morning
to you can just imagine how crazy this
must have been when it all unfolded and
we understand from one community
activist Andrew Holmes that actually
they had security patting down the
patrons before they walked in that door
so there are some questions about just
exactly how these people were able to
bring those guns inside here's what we
know that this happened at 1:15 this
morning at mr. G's which is a supper
club and last night there was a like a
CD release party for a rapper well
somehow during the course of the evening
there was a fight between some
individuals in that club police say
three men started pulling out their guns
they started shooting at the crowd seven
people were shot including one woman who
was struck multiple times including in
the face she was taken to a local
hospital we understand that she is in
stable condition
according to police but there were six
others as well who were shot
well you can't explain it because you
know once the person started a lot of
gonna discharged a weapon in them these
many people get shot you know it's
heartbreaking to even see this happen
and then for anyone that's want to have
some event anywhere in the city of
Chicago you know people are thinking
seconds about even opening up their
doors that you end up provide you with
the service
now the six other individuals were shot
they either were taken by the Chicago
Fire Department or they got rides to the
hospital because they didn't want to
wait for those ambulances to take them
but all of them are said to be in stable
condition and local hospitals that
include Christ Hospital Holy Cross and
little Company of Mary at this point
police have charged nobody in this case
they continue to develop leads this is
being handled by area South detectives
if you have any information they would
like to hear from you now earlier we did
hear that police took three people into
custody we're checking on that which we
learned into anything more on that we'll
bring that to you reporting live an
Edith Padilla Fox 32 News back to you
all right I need to thank you very much